Welcome to our javascript course where I've got a really exciting project for you.
We're going to be building out a card game from scratch.
This is a sample of the game that we're going to be building where you've got to avoid the other cars.
Otherwise your game is over.
So try to score as much as possible without hitting any of the other cars.
A lot of the content that we're going to be building out is going to be generated via javascript.
My name is Lawrence and I'm going to be instructor for this course and one of the main things that students
often ask me is that they want to have a really interesting project in order to practice their javascript
skills.
This is what I've created for you in the upcoming lessons and I do encourage you to work alongside the
lessons of the course try the code out for yourself to really get familiar with the functionality that's
available in the upcoming lessons we are going to be covering how to generate and create elements on
the fly.
Also how to create and listen for event listeners.
So moving different elements over anywhere within the page using JavaScript and listening for a key
process.
So right now impressing the different keys and pressing the arrow keys on my computer and that's giving
the ability to move car element the white one.
Another important part of what we're going to be showing you is how to create and check for collision.
So almost any game that you're creating socially if it's these visual ones that there's interaction
you need to check to see if there's collision between two different elements.
So that's going to be a key component of what we're going to be generating and how we're going to be
playing this game that it is checking to see if there's collision between the elements on the screen
and if there is then the game is over.
We're also going to be looking at how we can apply our animation screen in order to continuously loop
through the functionality as well as create a smooth animation of movement.
So all of this and a whole lot more is included in the course.
So I know you're excited to get started so let's dive right in and start building out this application
from scratch.